I think that every generation
experiences the natural world
differently like the fifties and
sixties like this glorified like
Yellowstone go see the bear
maybe drying like my parents
generation the park system was
sort of blooming and emerging
whereas now it's a bit more in
place the last generation was
more like take the whole family
in the camper van and spend a
week in Yellowstone my dad
always took us camping i went a
lot of places when I was in a
stroller I visit Yellowstone we
went to a lot of national park
did a lot of camping so I'm
grace I don't really remember
any of it we should actually go
to Joshua Tree
all ok that I was like eight
years old I think that I cried
the whole time I was like change
I mean I never grew up in a in a
family or anything like that
where that we went out and kind
of explore that much I used to
like outdoor but I didn't have
any opportunities to do anything
other than biking that old I've
never seen the mountains before
I've never been past Illinois
the way national parks were
developed for visitation is that
they were made for automobile
driving driving through other
couples and their way that is in
the light you know judgment
always like an easy we have
usually been the youngest people
is definitely the older crowd is
still here people who have been
dirtbag it before i was bored so
we do get a lot of use from
places like China
sometimes even France Germany
that come here and they usually
seem pretty excited people in my
generation yet they may
experience national parks a
little differently
I think it's more active 41 our
generation it's more like just
kind of scattershot let's go our
generation definitely appreciate
beautiful places i think our
generation is getting out there
a lot more my family and friends
they thought i was crazy
my family has really followed me
into the outdoors people who are
starting to actually get out in
the backcountry it seems to me
that there's definitely been a
push toward being on the nature
more I mean every time we go to
keep the Loon camp it's full and
majorities young people so yeah
I mean I think I'd energy
definitely comes I feel like
most of my generation is moving
to the city find like way more
value and importance and getting
out of the city to you know
there's not like this little
girl looks bored away from the
busy la like actually like was
deep into the freelance
photography trying to have
passion going on with all the
los angeles i was living in
venice beach i'm working in
fashion started to ring all away
after a long and just hit the
brakes think I was like
absolutely not i'm going to zion
i should say that we don't take
it for granted there's a lot of
Millennials that are
criminalized student debt so a
lot of times I think it is
difficult for people to leave
their jobs you can always come
back to the city
there's you know it's always
there waiting for you . with
john muir think about right
what would he think about the
paved rose and all the people
out here seeing and appreciating
it and I honestly think that he
would be excited that so many
people it's so excited about
nature i'm so happy
that
I think that my kids are gonna
be like mad mom you guys just
took off in your fans you'll
quit your job the different way
that we're experiencing parks is
that we're doing in a more
interactive ways that will pull
tweetable Instagram it used
google maps to find all sorts of
parks to go camping in your bb
and you can go look at trails
top of maps you know I use a
burning apps to to identify
birth
it's easier than ever the
question is where is the line
there's always this debate of
people are like how much you
actually looking at what you're
seeing
even though they're in nature
they're seeing it still through
a screen